READING SIGNS
LESSON 11
Please silence your phones
Warning, no flash photography permitted
Watch free movies
Welcome to movie night
Trending now

LESSON 12
Life music tonight
Stage door, band and crew only
Karaoke night, Fun guaranteed, talent is not
I bet you look good on the dance floor
No video recording beyond this point

LESSON 13
Fitness Center Open Daily, Please Use Guestroom Key Card For Entry
Sanitation station. Please wipe down the equipment after use
No cleats allowed on track surface
Field closed for maintenance
Yoga in Session. Please do not disturb

LESSON 14
Live - Breaking news
Please check in with receptionist
Weather info - tune radio to FM
Daily briefing on Friday
Do not disturb, interview in progress

LESSON 15
Your future starts here
Dream. Believe. Achieve
The road to success is under construction
If you never try, you'll never know
Rules: 1) be kind 2) work hard 3) stay humble 4) smile often

LESSON 16
In diversity there is beauty and strength
Multi-faith prayer room
Respect for self, others, and place
Offensive language will not be tolerated. Offenders will be asked to leave
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are

LESSON 17
Today's weather... cloudy, storm, snowing, windy, sunny, raining, foggy. Freezing, Cold, mild, warm, hot
Winter weather ahead
Spring - time to bloom and grow
No umbrellas allowed. Please leave your umbrella here
Check the weather. A mindful activity

LESSON 18
Stress free zone. Relax and enjoy
Take care of your mental health. Look out for the warning signs
Stay safe and healthy
Self care isn't selfish
Walk 1000 steps every day

LESSON 19
Your story matters
We don't remember days, we remember moments
Listen with ears, eyes and heart wide open
How to write personal essay
Every story matters

LESSON 20
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you could change one thing in your life, what would it be?
If you could travel back in time, which time period would you choose?
If you could describe your next home in three words, what would it be?
If you could have just one superpower, which would you choose?

LESSON 21
Get lost in a good book
Please return all books when you have finished using them
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Reading makes your world bigger
Welcome to lending library. Take a book, leave a book

LESSON 22
Adopt. Don't shop. Begin a lifelong friendship at your local animal shelter
All guests must be approved by the cat
Beware of dogs. Do not enter, they are faster than you
Sniff and Bark. The shop for dogs
Love is wet noses and wagging tails

LESSON 23
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle and Respect
Nature doesn't need people. People need nature
Please stay on the trail for your safety and environmental protection
Care for our wildlife, drive carefully
Bristol clean air zone. Look out for road signs telling you are approaching or entering the zone

LESSON 24
Welcome to our neighbourhood
This is a neighbourhood watch area
Fun for the whole family. Main street festival. Kids zone
Thank you shopping local
Heart of the community. Shop. Share. Together

LESSON 25
Speak with kindness, words matter!
Communication is more that words
To have another language is to possess a second soul
Poetry is what gets lost in translation
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said

LESSON 26
Life is too short to wear boring clothes
Style is a way to say who you are without having to speak
Dress how you want to be addressed
My style philosophy is: be comfortable
Dressing room

LESSON 27
Let the celebration begin
Joy and good energy are contagious
Hot and cold food and drink 5 mile ahead
Dance like nobody's watching
Cheers to all good memories

LESSON 28
Create without fear
Every artist was first an amateur
No rules, no limitation, just art
Art speaks where words are unable to explain
Create your vision

LESSON 29
Pedestrian crossing point
Park and ride
Bikes - watch for turning traffic
Go slow, school zone ahead
Busses only lane

LESSON 30
Every challenge is an opportunity to grow
Success is earned, not given
Small steps today lead to big wins tomorrow
Your only limit is you
Mistakes are proof that you are trying
















